[ Silence ]
[ Music ]
I'm so glad you could
join us here.
You're getting some
real [inaudible].
I mean, people are really
drawn to the messages you have.
A lot of them have to
do with health and some
of them are more politically
motivated and active --
you're calling for activism
and we're really going
to start looking at that zone
in-between where all of us need
to start considering what we
need to do to take action on.
And we're talking Monsanto;
we're going to be
talking transhumanism.
These are subjects most people
have never even heard of.
Well, Monsanto, but
not transhumanism.
Scary stuff, but also
things that we can --
there are things we can do to
avoid that kind of an outcome.
So that's why I wanted
to meet with you.
First of all, give us
an idea of who you are.
I love the fact that your
generation, which is younger
than my generation, is now
totally hopping on all of this.
What was your entry point?
Yeah. So I think it all
started when I was diagnosed
with Lyme disease, and I went to
my doctor and we did some tests.
And it turned out I
did have Lyme disease.
And he put me on steroids.
He actually didn't even give
me antibiotics at the time.
So I think the real turning
point was when I sent to sleep
at 5:00 p.m. and I woke up
at 5:00 p.m. the next day.
Wow. And I went to my doctor and
I said, "Something's wrong here.
This is not working.
The steroids you're giving
me, they're ruining me.
I feel worse than just
the Lyme disease itself."
And he said, "Well, you know,
there's some things we can do.
Let me increase the
dosage of the steroids.
Let me give you some
pain medication,"
you know, etcetera, etcetera.
So I said, "You know what?
That's it.
I'm going to start
researching myself."
I went online and this
was about seven years ago.
So I couldn't just type
into, you know, natural cures
for Lyme disease and get great
results on Google or anything.
Right. I actually had
to do days of research
to find legitimate information.
So I found colloidal
silver, oregano oil.
I started taking these things
against the advice of my doctor
who told me I would turn
blue [laughter] if I were
to take even a drop
of colloidal silver.
And that oil of oregano was
so dangerous it could
give me a heart attack.
So... Under informed.
Yes, exactly.
He had no idea.
He's a Harvard educated
doctor, as well.
So I went ahead and I
took some colloidal silver
and oil of oregano.
And the next day I literally
felt completely better.
So I went to the doctor and
I told him what happened
and he told me not
only is it impossible
that the natural
solutions, colloidal silver ,
oil of oregano, everything I
was doing, life-style changes,
it's impossible they actually
changed my health and also,
it was most likely a placebo
effect and that I was crazy.
Basically he told me.
He told me that it's
impossible --
or it's a highly
interesting coincidence
that the steroids decided to
kick in around the same time
that I took that stuff.
Yeah. Isn't it interesting how
those coincidences start rising
in number, you know.
And then that really -- I think
that's a good starting place
for most people, too --
where you've gone to
a well-educated doctor
of some kind and I'm not trying
to demonize the industry.
They know what they know.
Great for trauma and
things like that,
not for chronic ill health.
Lyme disease is a
particularly tough one.
So the fact that you
got on the path then --
it sounds like you never got
off the path and you have a lot
of people subscribing
to your site now.
Yeah. I'm really
grateful for that.
I mean, what happened was I
said, "If I can do this" --
and I started researching other
people doing the same thing.
People need to know about this.
And about seven years
ago, around that time,
not a lot of people did know.
I mean there were some major
sites and I started writing
for alternative news websites
about what was going on
and my story and
everything like that.
And people started responding
so well I started my own site.
And now I'm really
grateful to all the readers.
It's the third largest
natural health site
in the world,
naturalsociety.com.
And I get to help everybody.
In Google now, if you
type in natural cures
for random diseases, sometimes
our site will come up or,
you know, there's a bunch
of other great sites
out there now -- that you
can get answers right away.
Right. So we see millions
every single day turning
to these alternative therapies
that are way more beneficial.
And you're right
about something, too.
It's not all doctors.
For example, I know Dr.
Group of Glenway Center.
Right. He's an excellent doctor.
Wonderful.
Well educated, knows
everything that's going on.
But then there's a lot
of mainstream doctors
that I think they conceal
themselves from what's going
on because they have this
certain bias that they need
to be in control of everything.
They need to know
what's going on.
And there's no such
thing as a cure to them.
And that false ideology
prevents them
from exploring alternative
options
that are way more
beneficial and even admitting
that certain studies
exist, like the 28 studies
on PubMed Peer Reviewed Research
that Roundup is causing
everything from lymphoma
to DNA damage and cancer.
So they just like to single
out studies and say, "Oh,
those other studies don't exist.
Those don't matter."
It's true.
I mean -- and in reality those
doctors are also under pressure
from the HMOs, from the
insurance companies,
and I just want to put
that out because, you know,
most people that go
into the profession --
I mean, a good percentage
of the people that go
into that profession are doing
it because they want to be
of some kind of service.
Some are in it just for bucks.
But some want to be of service.
But it's like any other industry
including the news industry
and the information industry
which I've been in
my entire life.
You find the harsh realities
pretty quickly which is, oh,
you think you're going
to have some control
over this situation?
Mm-mm-mm. You have other
people to answer to.
And that's when a lot
of these amazing people
in the medical industry
have chosen to jump ship,
and take on new levels
of training and go
into new healthier directions.
A lot of them I've interviewed
and I have the deepest respect
for those who have
had the courage
because that's a loss of income.
That's a loss of face.
That's a loss of your
license even sometimes.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah. And I actually know a
doctor that was in college
and he was in college as --
going to be a medical doctor
and his peers -- he said that
most of them, not all of them...
Hmm-mm. ...most of them were
in it either for the money
or they were power tripping.
Yeah, well, that's true,
too, that you go part.
And it's really concerning.
Yeah. So he said, "Hey,
I'm getting out of this."
He's still a doctor
today, but he decided
to pursue a doctorate
in another area.
Yeah. Well, good.
I mean, so you figured this
out at a really young age.
So you got on with it and you're
a really crack on researcher.
I respect your research.
And one of the things
that you've researched a
lot is GMOs and Monsanto.
And, you know, we hear about
it, we read the headlines.
The Supreme Court decides this
or that, which you can fill us
in on as a matter of fact.
That just happened.
And we become inured to it
as a species in general.
I mean certainly -- I
think most of the culture
of the United States has
become somewhat inured to it,
although if you ask them
whether they, you know,
support what Monsanto's doing
-- you know, the stats on that.
What are they going to say?
Absolutely not.
Right. And yet to do anything
about it is so confusing
and takes so much trouble
to read every label,
so let's launch into
what's happening
with Monsanto right now and
also what happened yesterday
at the Supreme Court.
Definitely.
So Monsanto is an
example of a corporation
that pretty much
everyone hates whether
or not they even support
GMOs in the first place,
which most people do not.
And over 90% are in favor
of at least GMO labeling...
Hmm-mm. ...let alone a ban.
But Monsanto -- there's
an interesting fact
about that corporation, and
it's that so many people hate it
yet they ultimately give
up because they feel
like they're so low in number.
Yes. In reality it's
the general public.
What we're seeing a mass
awakening, a mass movement
with things like the
March Against Monsanto
which is taking place this
month around the world.
And it's grassroots --
what I would call open source
initiatives like that --
that are going to
ultimately be the final nail
in the coffin against Monsanto.
So we're seeing people now
coming out and saying, "Hey,
you know, it's not just you
guys that hate Monsanto and want
to see these, you
know, GMOs eradicated
from the United States and
the entire world at large."
Now we're seeing
grassroots initiatives
that are opening this up
into a whole new ballgame.
And I believe ultimately
it is the beginning
of the end for Monsanto.
Right now as we sit here we're
seeing a protest mobilize
across the world.
Yet people are so disheartened
when they read the news
that the Court is
siding with them.
For example, talk about
what happened there.
Right. So the Supreme Court,
despite as the  USA Today  says
clearly, despite usually siding
with citizens over patent cases
that are considered ridiculous,
the Supreme Court has
sided with Monsanto saying
that farmers cannot
replant their GMO seeds
without paying a fee.
So, traditionally, you
can plant, you know,
regular traditional seeds over
and over again, and not have
to pay anybody because, you
know, who owns the seeds?
Not you. But Monsanto has
been able to patent life --
as India calls it bio-piracy.
So the point is now
that they can say, "Hey,
those seeds that we gave you?
Yeah, you have to pay us every
single time you replant them."
You can't save any money.
And that's why we have
what's known as the
"suicide belts in India"...
I was just going to ask...
...where Indian farmers
are drinking the very same
bio-pesticides that Monsanto
gives them and we see
about one suicide every
30 minutes because they go
into complete financial
bankruptcy
because the Monsanto crops --
the Monsanto seeds actually
produced reduced yields.
Yes. So they go in and
they say, "You're going
to make so much money.
You're going to make
so much more, you know,
revenue and crop profit."
And they buy it because they
hardly speak English sometimes
and they'll sign off on things.
It's a complete scam.
It's amazing.
It's a total scam and
you're talking about people
who are living so close to
the margin anyway of survival
that they can't afford for one
year's crop to have low yields
and then have to buy new seeds.
And this was also a company
that got raided in Argentina,
if you've heard about that...
Yes. ...for the slave labor.
They had people working
for 14 hours milling
the GMO cornfields.
And not only were they not paid
if they left the reservation --
if you will, but they had to
use their profits to buy food
at the Monsanto Company Store.
So it's a complete slave grid.
And we're talking about a
company that does this openly
and didn't care,
didn't apologize.
They created Agent Orange which
killed hundreds of thousands
and led to 500,000 plus
birth defects along
with Dow AgroSciences --
which we can talk about...
We are, yeah.
...and DuPont.
But the point is that
this is a company
that does not care
about your health.
They don't care about you.
But what kind of pressure
must have been exerted
to make the Supreme
Court rule in this way?
I mean, you're talking about
unfathomable levels of clout
on one level, which is
why people feel defeated
in the face of it.
What kind of clout?
How did, you know, how can you
manipulate in such a large way?
Of course we're getting
back to the big agenda.
Well, I think there's
a major difference
between the public,
me and you...
Hmm-mm. ...and the small
group of politicians
who are stuffing
their pockets...
Hmm-mm. ...with Monsanto
funding.
Look at Clarence Thomas,
Supreme Court Justice.
Guess who he used to work for?
Monsanto, as their main lawyer.
Hmm-mm. And now he's a
Supreme Court Justice.
Some news organizations called
it "Monsanto gets a seat
at the Supreme Court."
And I would agree with that.
Monsanto has a seat.
And guess what?
He doesn't step out for
every vote on Monsanto.
He doesn't proclaim to
have any affiliations
with them despite being
a former employee.
And he always votes for them.
But it still -- it takes more
than him -- meaning somehow,
somewhere, these other guys have
been pressured or gotten to,
because no one with a
brain would vote for that.
Well that's the only obvious
connection to Monsanto...
Yes. ...that we have,
but you know --
I mean, behind the scenes with
the Monsanto Protection Act...
Yes. ...which gives Monsanto...
Talk about that.
...complete immunity
from Federal Courts.
So if Monsanto were to go out
and plant a thousand acres
of a crop that unanimously
through every single scientific
study has been causing,
you know, birth defects or
literally killing people,
the Federal Courts couldn't
do anything about it
for a long period of time.
So what is the public
rationalization for that?
Well, they're at a...
For giving them protection.
What -- I mean, how did
they -- because I didn't it.
I have not read it.
So I've only read about it
and the ramifications of it.
How did they justify
this to the public?
Pretty much all the
Senators apologized for it,
including the female Senator
who ultimately ended
up passing the bill.
She said that if she didn't pass
it there would be a government
shutdown because it was
included -- a rider --
this is how they do it.
They're going to look for
dangerous legislation --
it's always in a bill
that everyone likes,
and they stuff it
in there as a rider.
Oh, as a rider.
It's a rider.
Yep, yep. So it was a
Senate spending bill,
and inside there -- it has
nothing to do with Monsanto.
It was talking about
budgets and everything.
Oh, and by the way, Monsanto
gets complete immunity
from all Federal Courts.
So, the...
Smart. I mean, from
their point of view,
what a smart thing to do.
Extremely smart.
And they had the guy, Roy
Blunt, Senator Roy Blunt...
Yes. ...write it for them.
Hmm-mm. And he was
receiving massive amounts
of cash from Monsanto.
Yeah. And how is
that possibly legal?
But Monsanto is above the law.
Yes. They've done it
time and time again.
They pay settlements.
They don't get tried
for criminal cases.
They get tried civilly
and they have to pay --
for example, they paid $93
million to the town of Nitro
which was getting
blasted with dioxin,
one of the most dangerous
substances known to man,
from the production of
Agent Orange in that town.
And they paid off another
Agent Orange settlement.
But guess what?
None of their executives
go to jail.
Hmm-mm. $93 million
is nothing to them.
No. I believe they also
hide most of their assets
as any big major company
would do if they want
to avoid certain
taxes and everything.
Probably they don't pay
any taxes, but they want
to avoid taxation and at
least public scrutiny.
But also consider the fact
that back during the Prop 37
debate they illegally used an
FDA seal and fabricated
an FDA quote.
And there is a comparable one.
I was on the press call.
I was on the press call
for Prop 37, the campaign.
And I was on with the  L.A.
Times,  the  New York Times,
you know, all the -- for that
news agencies and everything,
and the Prop 37 people
were saying,
"We submitted it to the FBI.
Monsanto illegally used an
FDA quote that didn't exist...
Hmm-mm. ...and the FDA seal."
And the  L.A. Times
was like, well,
did they really use
it illegally?
And they -- well, yeah.
And the FBI's investigating it.
And they said, "Oh, are they
really investigating it?"
They were making the Prop
37 people the bad guys.
Right. I went on and I
said, "Hey, there are people
that are being prosecuted
for this same thing."
And I -- off the top of my head,
I believe it's a $250,000 fine,
up to 25 years in jail,
and a large amount
of years of probation.
It could be a little
bit different than that
but it is a massive result
of doing something like that.
Hmm-mm. And there was a woman
who was being tried for it
at the exact same time that
Monsanto was doing it by ICE
for mail fraud which
is what they did.
They sent out a pamphlet
with this stuff.
And she was facing massive
amounts of time in prison.
Yet Monsanto -- nothing
happened.
The FBI didn't even
do anything about it,
and the press didn't say, "Look,
Monsanto forged an FDA seal
and forged an FDA quote."
They said, "Prop 37 group claims
that Monsanto may have done this
and by the way Prop
37 group is crazy."
That's literally --
basically a summary.
But that's mainstream media.
Yes. I mean this is all a
part of the same handful
of players and agenda.
They're just the media
arm of the same thing.
Oh, of course.
So we get that.
I mean, so it's a shame because
mainstream media is still the
primary source for most
people and across the world,
in the Western World
-- probably globally.
So, I mean, really the only
way to find these things
out is people have to come
to know agencies, news --
the new kind of news agencies
such as yours, and Mike Adams,
and [inaudible] groups and
a lot of you here in Austin.
There are others of you
here in Austin, as well.
But, meanwhile -- okay,
that being what it is,
let's get into some
of the other players
because you have just
mentioned DuPont,
and you had mentioned Dow
Chemical a minute ago.
Let's get into what
their involvement is
because these are not
names you normally hear
in association with
the GMO issue.
Sure. So here's something
that will shock even the
most hardened anti-Monsanto
activists, and I've talked
about this a little bit before.
Monsanto is just the beginning
of what I would call the GMO
or Genetic Modification
Paradigm.
Monsanto is literally the
starting point and those
in the biotech group, those
scientists behind all this,
they're already way
past the finish line.
They are already creating
genetically modified humans.
They have been busted
for creating genetically
modified chimeras
over in Britain I
believe it was.
They had at least
a couple hundred.
There was talks of
thousands of human chimeras.
We're talking spider-goats
-- just Google it.
It all is real.
And they've been busted...
Spider-goats?
Spider-goats.
I haven't heard that.
What is a spider-goat?
It's a combination of
a spider and a goat.
But I mean -- what kind
of a result would you get
there [multiple speakers]?
It's kind of like a...
Well, they weave
bulletproof silk,
so the way that they push
all of this through is
that they talk about
the pros of it.
They don't talk about
the ultimate end goal
of all of this.
They talk about the pros.
Just like GMOs, they said," Oh,
it will produce increased
yields for farmers.
It will help save the world."
Right. Bill Gates came out,
owner of 500,000
shares of Monsanto...
$22 million.
I believe it was $25 million.
[Laughter] Yep.
And he said that Monsanto
will feed the world.
Go ahead and buy their stock
as a major stock owner.
Yeah. Very disappointing
when that happened.
But did you know that a United
Nations study, of all things,
of 900 scientists found
that actually GMOs
cannot feed the world.
They went out with one goal;
what's the best way
to feed the world?
That was their only goal.
900 scientists -- and
they all predetermined
that it's likely going to be
GMOs, you know, that has to --
the amazing increased yields
and it produces the time
needed to grow the crops...
Pest-resistant.
Guess what they found out?
Mm. Organic traditional
farming outperformed GMOs
in every single trial.
And they were forced -- the
wording is they were forced
to real -- that traditional
farming beat GMOs.
They were amazed.
They could not even
believe it themselves,
the team of 900 scientists.
No, that's wonderful.
Thanks for sharing that.
So there goes everything out
the window of Bill Gates,
the Monsanto Shareholder,
and Monsanto.
All their claims are
bogus and guess what?
All the claims -- all this
GM manipulation in humans
that they're pushing now,
all that's bogus too,
but they've pushed the ante.
Today is it moral to
genetically modify humans?
Right. But we see -- sources
such as RT already have reported
that DARPA is working
on super-humans.
They can regrow limbs
on the battlefield
and they don't have
to sleep or eat.
They're going to push it as,
you know, this is what we need
to compete with other countries.
This is the super-soldier
of the future.
But guess how all of this
is going to be controlled.
Ultimately we can talk
about the 2045 program...
Yes, and I do want
to talk about that.
...and everything like
that because it's all going
to a point where
it's disgusting.
It's a system of
control ultimately,
that comes down to
artificial bodies.
It sounds crazy to most people
because we're looking
at GMOs right now.
Hmm-mm. But it's
worlds ahead of that.
We have to understand that
Monsanto is the beginning.
And if we cannot
conquer Monsanto today,
tomorrow we will have genetic
manipulation gone wild.
Yes, and I do want to
get into Agenda 2045 --
or 2045 Initiative and
some other aspects of that.
But, let's go back to Dow
for a moment and DuPont.
Where do they figure in?
Where do they factor in?
Do we talk about that directly?
Yes. So Dow AgroSciences is
another key player that's
getting no flack whatsoever.
I mean Monsanto is the
bad guy, and I believe
that within the next five years
or so Monsanto will be taken
down because they're essentially
the fall guy, what you...
Right. ...would call
the fall guy.
They're going to be taken
down and the biotech industry
at large won't shed
a single tear
because we still have
Dow AgroSciences...
Hmm-mm. ...creating this, you
know, chemtrail-resistant crops
and everything like that.
And DuPont coming in and
buying up certain factions
of the biotech industry.
So these are key players that we
see going in the background --
mad scientists if you will.
They're going and going
into their bat caves
and doing all this kind
of stuff while Monsanto is
out in the public saying, "Hey,
we're releasing new
GMO crops tomorrow."
Everyone's like throwing eggs at
Monsanto when Dow AgroSciences
and everything and DuPont are
in the background just smiling
because they're getting away
with everything they're doing.
And they're doing
it under the radar.
Yeah, exactly, yeah.
So we need to start keeping
an eye on those guys.
And I had read about those
chemtrail-resistant seed stocks.
Oh, I mean, that's a whole
other subject to get into,
but on the subject of --
let's go back for a
moment to Bill Gates.
I mean, very, kind of
interesting player in all
of this because as I recall
he was also one of those
that was deeply involved
with that seed bank project
up in the Arctic which
is the collection
and preservation
of heritage seeds.
Hmm-mm. So you look at that.
They're going to
great lengths --
when I say "they" I
mean whoever they are.
But he's one of "they."
>>That's well [mixed speakers].
Yeah, that's right.
They're going to great
lengths to make sure
that there is a preservation
of these natural seed
stocks for someone.
I mean most likely
for themselves.
For them. Yet at -- while
at the same time investing even
more heavily in the annihilation
of natural crops in their
natural heirloom state
for the public at large.
It's just like how the Monsanto
cafeteria serves its executives
organic food [laughter].
I guarantee you...
I love it.
...that...
...that Bill Gates
does not eat GMOs.
No. I guess not.
I guarantee you that
Oprah does not eat GMOs.
They just met a couple
of days ago.
No one's talked about this...
Oh, I haven't heard about that.
They just met the -- some
of the world's wealthiest --
Mayor Michael Bloomberg, Bill
Gates, Oprah, Warren Buffett,
were some of the
names that I recall.
They met on an island
off of South Carolina;
a small gated island that
no one was allowed to go
to near their hotel,
this massive hotel.
They're meeting for
a two-day conference
that Bill Gates initiated.
I called it a "mini Bilderberg."
I was just going to say it's
a "mini Bilderberg," exactly.
Yeah. And that's what
I'm saying it is.
I'm saying that they're
meeting for something.
And I don't know what it is,
but I know that there's major
movements right now against GMOs
and Monsanto, and Bill Gates
being a major stockholder
in the biotech industry
at large.
I mean, they could be meeting
on any number of topics.
The Bill Gates -- Bill
and Melinda Gates Foundation
is heavily supportive
of not only GMOs but going
over and vaccinating just
about everybody in the world.
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
The polio vaccine, of course,
being the number one cause
of polio throughout the world.
>>Hmm-mm. But I mean, who knows
what they're talking about.
I can only theorize but some
of the world's wealthiest
and most powerful
are meeting there.
They had 20 private expensive
jets lined up in a row
at the airport there,
and they went
over to this private
gated island.
I mean, Bilderberg, we can at
least go -- which is, of course,
the world's wealthiest
and most powerful...
At least you can find out
who the attendees are.
You can find out the attendees.
Hmm-mm, Hmm-mm.
Asia Times  called it, I
believe, "the masterminds
of the world" or
something like that,
so it's open, it's open news.
Right. And you can go and
protest it and, you know,
look at who's going in.
But when they take it to
a whole other level --
they're flying to a private
island that's completely gated.
No one's allowed in
when they're over there.
It's a golf resort.
Only a thousand people
are even there right now.
Hmm-mm. They're taking
it to whole other level.
What are they doing over there?
Well, maybe we won't find out.
Hopefully someone
like you will sniff
around long enough
and we get an idea.
And please let us know
when you figure it out.
Okay, so. Let's get
into the subject
of genetically modified humans
because this whole subject
of transhumanism I find
fascinating and I went ahead
and started looking into some of
the sites like intelligence.org
and kind of frightening
when you look
at this double-speak
kind of agenda.
And so that leads us to the
subject of singularity, okay?
So explain to us the
notion of singularity
in this particular use, and
what the larger agenda is
for the human species.
So, there's two variations
of what is going on here.
The first is what the
public relations team at all
of these transhumanism
organizations would
like you to think.
And the second is
reality, of course.
The first is that transhumanism
and singularity is this
amazing new thing where we get
to create a genetically
modified machine --
android bodies, if you will --
and we merge our
consciousness with them.
And we're all happy and
we live forever together
in complete utopia where
everyone gets the same amount
of resources and it's
basically a socialist dream
where we all live forever.
But the reality behind
transhumanism --
and you can see this
at the 2045.com website
which is a wealthy Russian
scientist who says --
it was in the  Washington
Post  I believe it was --
the title was "Wealthiest Elite
of the World Can Live
Forever for a Price."
So if they donate X amount
of millions of dollars
to this initiative, and
this is on its face.
I mean it's already being done.
And what is the initiative for?
Sure. So the initiative --
by 2015 they're going to
create artificial bodies.
All the way up to
2045 the scale goes.
It starts at 2015 and I believe
it's 2025, 2030, 2040, 2045.
So at 2045 they expect to have
complete artificial brains,
artificial bodies, and a
holographic-like creation,
if you will, that
you are supposed
to transport your
consciousness into.
So the wealthy elite like
Bill Gates in an interview --
they said, "What do you
want to do before you die?"
He said, "I'm not going
to die," matter of factly.
He said, "I'm not going to die."
They don't think
they're going to die.
They think that they
deserve to live forever,
and that their massive
wealth will do that.
So they have been investing --
I think there's 23,000
members of the group.
It doesn't mean all of them
pay for it, but 23,000 members
of 2045, and there's a huge
conference coming up about 2045.
That they think they're
going to live forever
through genetic modification.
And that's what we're
talking about.
This is light years
ahead of Monsanto.
ahead of GMO crops.
This is talking --
and we're talking
about genetically
modified bodies
that aren't even flesh anymore.
We're talking about
holographic-like presentation.
But here's the kicker.
Guess how these bodies are
controlled -- through RFID.
Yes. They have an
RFID-like interface implanted
into the artificial brains,
controlled, of course,
by some type of super-computer.
And these people
are down with that.
Oh, yeah. People
like Bill Gates.
Yeah. They think
it's the future,
and that's what they want,
because there's two
things to that.
First of all, whoever controls
the super-computer controls
every single artificial body.
And secondly, if you're in
control of the super-computer,
they think they can
live forever.
Of course we know also to
transport one's consciousness
onto a genetically
modified artificial brain
with an RFID chip does not
sound like living to me.
But even when I wrote the
article explaining this,
most of the comments were, "I
can't wait to live forever,"
you know, "I would want
one of these bodies."
"Oh, man, then I
can finally be free
of disease," and
stuff like that.
In my opinion -- not
even in my opinion --
in reality, it's a con.
They're going to push it
as, "You can live forever."
And the super-humans -- they're
pushing it as super-humans.
But in reality its
total enslavement
and I'm warning against this.
We have to understand
the grand scheme of this.
It's not just the Monsanto GMOs.
Today it is.
But tomorrow it will be
pushing the anti in the media.
We're already seeing it.
They're looking for
people to breed
with Neanderthal DNA [laughter]
and [multiple speakers] genetic
manipulation is the topic
in hand for the wealthy elite.
I know. It is.
And you know the interesting
thing is there is a component
completely missing from it.
The missing component is the
whole notion of the spirit,
or the soul, or the
thing that imbues life
into the physical body.
And, you know -- and
we can get into a long
and deep philosophical
discussion about it,
but clearly the individuals
involved
with this have a very great
fear of physical death
because they must believe
that there is nothing
beyond the physical body.
Well, get this.
I mean the mainstream media
acts as if you're crazy
if you believe there's
any form of afterlife
or you have any form of soul.
Right. You know, don't
dare talk about that.
Exactly. You don't talk
about soul in the newspaper.
You don't talk about God.
Well now, in the Saturday
religious pages sometimes,
in the editorials.
But then they report it matter
of factly that we're going
to transport our consciousness
into these other
people's bodies.
Exactly, what do they think that
consciousness is [laughter]?
I mean, they don't think.
They don't think.
They're just drones,
mindless drones.
Did you ever see...
They are. ...the videos
of the mainstream media
reading the same script
across multiple stations,
all around the world?
Hmm-mm. It's on Conan
O'Brian sometimes,
and I know there's other
radio hosts that play it, too.
They read the same script
over and over again.
Exactly. It's...
Same buzz words.
It's... ...strictly
theater media.
Yes, it is.
And anything they don't agree
with they call it conspiracy
theory until they say it.
Just like it's a
conspiracy theory
that consciousness exists,
whether you have a soul,
or that there's morality
in life or absolute facts.
Well then they go ahead and
say, "We're going to transport
that consciousness,"
that doesn't exist,
"into your new artificial body."
Exactly. Right.
And so -- I mean the interesting
thing is they're saying this.
So they must accept at least
there's an intelligent aspect
of the being that can be
transported as you say.
But anything beyond that, an
understanding of something
that is essentially infinite by
nature, they can't go that far
or there wouldn't be this fear.
I mean, really.
You're still very young
but would you choose
to use this same body
and vehicle forever?
I mean, wouldn't you want
to have a little
different experience
at some time or another?
I mean, you get it
down to some, you know,
kind of fundamental
views of it as --
if this whole thing is a
journey, if it's a game of sorts
for learning, for experiencing
and so forth, wouldn't you want
to have it kind of a textured
history instead of living
in this one RFID-controlled
-- to control body forever?
That's not living.
That's a...
It's a complete...
...drone existence.
It's slavery.
It's mental and physical
slavery.
I don't even believe it's
going to be you in that body.
No. It might seem like you...
Hmm-mm. ...you know.
It might look like you.
It might even, when
someone's talking to it,
may even react similarly to you,
because it's programmed
to do so perhaps.
But you cannot take your
consciousness and put it
in a genetically
modified brain...
No. ...and then live forever.
No. It's a scam.
It's a complete scam,
and they're going
to lose their humanity to this.
They will.
People are going to
go in droves and beg
for their artificial bodies.
They're going to beg at the time
their overlords essentially,
they will say, "Please let
me have an artificial body.
I'll pay you X amount of money."
Or people who are
terminally ill, especially,
will be highly susceptible
to this
because they're clinging
to life.
Yes. If they were to admit
that you do have a real
spiritual consciousness,
there is an afterlife,
that what you do matters,
people wouldn't cling
to this concept.
Well, and if you
go even further,
if you go into Eastern
philosophy,
not only is there an afterlife
which is an in-between life,
but then you have a chance to do
the same thing again, and again,
and again, and the wheel of
-- every incarnation as --
would be viewed in
the East, for example.
It's a very organic way
to look at it, as well.
Sure. Why -- you know,
I don't subscribe
to that, but the point is...
Yeah. ...that whatever you
think it gives higher purpose
to what you're doing.
Right. And what they
want is to eradicate
that completely unless
it fits their agenda.
Right. So what we talk
about here is we have
to defeat Monsanto and the
GMOs, because what we're talking
about now, it seems
crazy to people,
but it's just around the corner.
It's already happening.
They're already experimenting
with genetically-modified
humans, taking animals
and insects and merging them.
Hmm-mm. And it's only a
matter of time now as well --
it's already happening -- until
they start screening children
for genetic traits
and say, "Oh, well.
He has a biogenetic trait.
We can fix that for you
if you want," or "Hey,
you want a designer child?"
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
Well look at 23andme.
Look at Bill Gates.
Why the -- not Bill
Gates, the Google wives.
The wives of the two
of the primary Google founders
were immediately funded
when they came into contact
with their new husbands --
were funded for genetic,
their genetic project,
which is the friendly little
thing called 23and me.
Just give us a little
bit of you blood.
You have to pay for
it by the way.
And -- or -- I don't know
if it's even just blood
or if it has saliva and hair.
I'm not sure.
I've never gone through it.
And we'll let you know
what your markers are --
predispositions towards
certain diseases,
so you can protect yourself.
Kind of like Angelina
Jolie did in taking that...
I was just going to say that.
Yeah, yeah.
Angelina just -- and now -- it
was just announced yesterday
for anybody watching,
that Angela Jolie had both
of her breasts removed
as a preventative measure
because of these
kinds of markers
that have been identified
in these interesting kind
of genetic panels that
people are doing voluntarily,
and paying to have done.
Right at the top, you think
Google doesn't have all
of that information?
Their wives established it.
Well, here's the thing.
Worshiping genetics...
Yeah. ...is above
everything else.
Even though we know that
research has shown time
and time again -- I just wrote
about the Angelina Jolie thing.
See her remove both her
breasts, as did Sharon Osborne,
and a Miss America contestant.
It's the worship of genetics...
Yes. ...that goes
into saying, "Well,
you cannot do anything
about your fate.
Your fate is sealed.
Oh, you have a mutation
of your certain gene?
You need to cut off a limb."
Doctors are saying -- some
doctors, not all doctors --
most doctors aren't,
but some are --
saying that if you have a
predisposition genetically
to something, to a cancer,
a form of cancer or disease,
you need to now remove
that limb.
So what if you have a
predisposition to brain cancer?
Maybe the mainstream media has a
predisposition to brain cancer.
There are people who
supposedly have functioned fine
without a brain which tells you
something about where mind is.
Yeah [laughter], exactly.
But the point is when we
look at it in that way
that genes are the ohm -- you
know, the -- Gods basically.
Genes cannot be changed
and they --
they're supposedly
influencing our fate.
But the reality is -- we know
from research even
antioxidants play a role
in how the genes are influenced
and how they're expressed.
Absolutely.
And the  Biology of
Belief  by Bruce Lipton
that our own beliefs, and
behaviors, and actions,
and expectations alter
our genetic disposition.
There's a Norwegian
institute and they found
that not only can inflammation
be changed, the way you eat,
at -- you know, for example,
versus if you sit down
and eat a bag of potato
chips or if you have juice --
like I just had watermelon
juice before I came here.
The inflammation genes
will express differently.
And inflammation is known to be
at the root of pretty much...
Absolutely.
...all chronic disease.
So we're talking about
if you're going to eat
like crap you're going to feel
like crap, you're going to look
like crap, and ultimately
it's going to manifest itself
in a life-threatening disease.
Hmm-mm. But instead,
they want to say,
"That has nothing to do with it.
It's all your genes."
And ultimately it
will come down to,
instead of just chopping
things off --
well, we don't want to have
to have a poor baby that has
to chop off her breasts
when she gets older,
so we need to go ahead
and alter that genetically
at the root level before
you even have the child.
Or, you know, we have a
genetic predisposition
to even worse disease, you know.
They could have autism when
they're born, you know.
Let's not talk about the
environmental factors
or anything.
Right. But they could have
autism so you're going
to have to abort that child.
Or, in fact, they
did it already.
It was a real thing decades ago.
It's called eugenics.
Hmm-mm. Now I'm not talking
about modern eugenics.
I'm talking about decades ago
they literally would sterilize
you in the United States.
Look it up.
Yes, they did.
There were states
that had to pay money
to the families that
had it happen.
They were extremely racist --
blacks and minorities and
everyone that was found
to be genetically inferior were
not allowed to have children.
Right. We can see a
resurfacing of that.
And it won't be racist
and it won't be prejudice.
It will be based in
science and science is,
you know, not prejudiced.
It's just the hard numbers.
And you have a genetic
manipulation
and you have a genetic mutation
that needs to be cancelled out,
or else you might repopulate and
cause in such a genetic mutation
to others when countless people
have the genetic mutation
that we're talking about.
I mean, I have hemochromatosis
genetic manipulation
and I was originally tested
around the same time
for the Lyme disease.
I had extreme iron levels.
They told me the only way I
could possibly do anything
about it, since it was
at the genetic level --
and genes do play a role,
but we can influence them.
Since it was at the
genetic level I had
to give blood about
once a week...
My goodness.
...or twice a month...
Or how about leeches?
You know, why not [laughter]?
And they told me I had to give
blood at least once a month
for the rest of my life or my
iron levels would be so high
that I would eventually die.
And I did give blood at first.
It went down a little bit.
But then I realized -- and
again did my own research.
Started taking turmeric,
a product I now create
under Natural Attitude with
Dr. Group, and doing a bunch
of other things --
liver cleanses.
And my iron levels are fine now.
Right. All of my
levels are fine.
And you won't be reading
about that, however.
No. You won't...
No. ...be reading about that...
No. ...and they would
say that that's fake.
How is it fake?
It's a real life example
and I've talked to thousands
of people who have
cured themselves
from anything -- from...
Absolutely ...cancer
to anything.
Breast cancer is one of the
easiest cancers to treat.
Absolutely, absolutely.
James Forsythe, who
was an oncologist --
is an oncologist in Reno
is doing amazing things
with people.
Kind of blending Western
medicine and minor forms with,
as you say, consciousness
about what you're putting
in the body, lifestyle,
etcetera.
And so he's kind of in the
middle between mainstream
and totally a hundred percent
natural, and yet he's getting --
I think he's right now at about
a 75% cure rate three years
into Stage 4 Cancer
-- three years in.
And they expect it to be well
over 50%, as opposed to 2 to 3%
in the oncology industry.
That's what people
don't understand.
Look at the stats.
To have a five-year life
expectancy with Stage 4 Cancer
with traditional chemo
radiation is 2 to 3%.
And these guys -- even in
his zone there which --
you know, he's doing a great
job -- is already over 50%.
I mean, we're finding...
You know? ...major
changes where...
And... ...people just...
Yep. ...drinking a
glass of juice a day.
That's right, and we're
going to talk about --
in the second hour we're
going to talk about a lot
of these ways in which
we can basically detox
and prevent this in ourselves.
But, really, what
you're talking about --
this whole debate has to do with
a polarization that has occurred
within our psyches and
within our societies
between technology
and nature, really.
Yeah, exactly.
That's what's occurred.
And so we -- my hope in people
understanding this subject is
that we need to,
they claim, to --
well, probably one
side or the other.
You're going to be just taken
down the chute of technology
if we're not aware and don't
make decisions on behalf
of our natural birthrights.
Now can you imagine
if Angelina Jolie --
and I wrote about this -- came
out instead and said, "Hey,
what about the parabins and
the BPA and all the plastic"...
How much good she
could have done.
...and the household
cleaners that we know
through numerous studies --
over 130 studies link
BPA to breast cancer.
What if she said, "Hey,
we need to get rid
of these environmental factors.
We need to get rid
of the triggers
that are causing breast cancer
instead of cut off our breasts."
It's a defeatist
attitude that --
it reminds me of the
eNations attitude right now.
Instead of actually
taking charge of your life
and doing things, there's
always a quick fix.
Hmm-mm. Whether it's, you know,
a diet pill that ultimately ends
up giving you a heart attack, or
going to your doctor and saying,
"You know, I can't lose weight.
I need surgery to
cut the fat out."
Hmm-mm. Cutting off your breasts
is the same defeatist attitude
that, "I can't do anything.
I can't empower myself."
And the reason -- she says
she's empowering women.
Right. Let me tell you, she'
empowering women to be defeatist
and go against everything
that is empowerment.
You know, as a woman
yourself, you understand.
And I've spoken -- you
know, most of the readers
on our site are women.
They understand that
women's rights
and women's empowerment
has nothing to do
with chopping off your
breasts and subscribing
to the mainstream
medical paradigm.
Oh my gosh, no.
It has everything...
It's a bastardization...
...to do with taking charge.
Well -- and there's something
even larger than that.
When you look at the larger
prevailing energies at large,
we're entering the period --
and I'm talking cosmically --
where the re-exertion of the
feminine influence is critical
to have a balanced
and healthy society.
We've gone way out of balance.
We've been in a masculine
paradigm, you know,
for quite a long time now
-- thousands of years.
We have controlling forces
that are generally
masculine of nature.
The one thing that has been
stripped down and subdued
and we bought into it because,
ultimately, you can see why.
I mean, obviously when you
have thousands of years
in reinforcement --
women have bought into it
to not seek their own
authority any longer.
And this is one of the worst
trends that has happened
to the female, is
the destruction
of the psyche interest
in nature and self.
And to me -- as this is just
about to be re-established
on a purely energetic cosmic
level, it's no surprise.
First of all, these forces we're
talking about are very conscious
of larger cycles
including cosmic cycles,
cosmological influences,
energetic influences,
paradigm shifts -- they're
fully aware of all of this.
And so when you see
the reemergence
of the feminine intelligence,
what is the first thing
you're going to do,
except try to destroy
it even further?
Co-opt it.
Co-opt it?
Take the...
Destroy it.
Take the energy of the
movement and focus it
where they want it to go.
Exactly. Empowering women
and women's rights is no longer
what it should be in reality.
It's taking that massive
energy of women who are saying,
you know, "I want to do
something about this,"
and forwarding it
into ridiculous things
that are detrimental
to women at large.
Using our cultural leaders
such as Angelina Jolie...
What a horrible cultural leader.
...which -- very, very --
and very, very sadly many,
many women are probably going
to follow suit just
as result of that...
Oh, yes. ...one press release.
That press release was one
of the most damaging
I've heard of in years.
And, of course, it was connected
to a major company that...
Of course.
...whose stock went up
when she announced it...
Absolutely.
...who owned the patents to the
very gene she's talking about...
Absolutely.
...because a large
percentage of your genetic code
and my genetic code is
owned by major corporations.
And that gets into this, too.
They're going to create
humans with our genetic codes
and they're going to own them.
And they're creating them...
Yes. ...as they own.
It's going to be for
profit human production.
Absolutely.
And she said that she's hoping
to inspire people
along this line.
She's hoping to provide
that inspiration
for all of these women.
Yet no celebrity's come
out and talk about --
well, no, major in
the new celebrities.
There are some, but no major
celebrity's come out and say,
"Hey, we need to get rid of BPA.
We need to..."
Right. ..."start going
until alternative therapies.
We need to stop GMOs."
There's some that came out --
Danny DeVito and others made
that great video
about stopping GMOs.
Hmm-mm. But I mean something
really big needs to happen
and it is March Against
Monsanto and stuff.
I think Monsanto's going down.
But no one's talking
about the future of it
which we're discussing today.
Right. And if we don't
understand the main concept
of it all, where it's
headed, then we're just going
to be playing "Whackable."
Right. We're just going to
have a huge hammer that has
"activism" written on it --
someone should draw
this comic --
and the little moles
come up, you know.
It says Monsanto GMOs.
And then a bit Italy, you know.
Everything will come up: GMO
pineapple, GMO apple, GMO pear.
Just whack, whack,
whack, whack...
Hmm-mm. ...until the whole thing
blows up and transfeminism comes
out and the hammer
doesn't do anything to it
because it's a metal
robot, you know.
I mean, that's the
ultimate future of it.
We can sit here and pinprick
hitting the symptoms of GMOs...
Right. ...and genetic
modification,
but unless we address the
root cause and understand
that it's ultimately coming to
genetic manipulation worldwide,
transhumanism -- which is pushed
as something that's great...
Which is where we have
to make our choice.
Is that the path we choose to go
down or send our children down?
Or are we going to choose the
other path and stay with nature?
And here's why it's
so alarming though.
It's just like the
mainstream medical paradigm.
Its like, do we want to actually
choose to think for ourselves,
do our own research...
Oh, yeah. ...empower ourselves?
Break the mass hypnosis.
But some people don't.
Some people would rather
just slide along life
and get their eternal bodies and
then, you know, succumb to that.
But you know, you
hear about that.
You hear about the
polarization, right?
You hear about it on every
level; polarization in education
and money, everything.
This, I think, is what
the polarization is.
It is consciousness.
I mean it all comes
back to consciousness.
Are we going to choose to be
proactive in how we intend
to care for, not just the planet
and not just our
bodies, but each other?
All of it.
Are we going to stay
with nature and know
that nature is expressing
itself perfectly
without our intervention
and interference?
Or are going to choose
to take the easy way
out which is let the
media tell us what to do,
let these corporations decide
for us what we're going to eat
and what we may -- be
made available to us.
It's just a consciousness thing.
We can either engage
or not engage.
If we don't engage,
there's the polarization.
We go the road of technology.
And that's not everybody.
It's those who chose
not to engage.
Right, exactly.
And they say knowledge
is power, but knowledge
without action is worthless.
Yes. And the reason for that is
-- just to give you an example.
I get emails from these
major corporations
that are selling products that
are detrimental to your health.
They offer me massive
amounts of cash --
more than I make in years --
to sell and hawk their
garbage products.
Hmm-mm. And if I were to
say yes, which I don't.
But, if I were to say yes, you
know, the flesh side of me says,
"Wow, that's so much money.
That could help."
You can justify anything.
That would help to empower
the website, you know.
We get -- we could get
so much more traffic.
We could hire more writers.
We could get more marketing and
wouldn't that be, you know...
That's rationalization.
But, right?
No that's [inaudible].
No, it happens all the time.
This is what happens.
Yeah. You say, "Well, I
could hire more writers.
I could get more information.
I ultimately help more
people even though that --
you know, this product
could harm people."
But guess what?
That would ruin my
reputation once people found
out the garbage in the products.
It would be hurting people.
And there's nothing good that
can come from hurting people.
Ultimately the site
would fail I promise you.
And any site that
does that will fail.
Any site that succumbs and
says, "I want the money
over that," will fail.
The same thing is
happening with GMOs
and the transhumanism movement.
Anyone that succumbs to the
greed of immortality and,
you know, massive wealth
-- one person said,
"If I had an artificial immortal
body, I could make so much money
because I get those people...
I know. ...working forever.
And guess what?
Ultimately succumbing to that
greed when you know the right
and the moral side
is the opposite
of what you're choosing
will ultimately fall on you
and cave in on yourself.
The definition of sin is
caving in on oneself in Latin.
Yes. All very good
points and the reality --
you said, for you, the reality
is Monsanto will likely cease
to exist.
So we're talking about this
one path that everybody is more
or less had -- blinders
have been installed as much
as they possibly can to
keep people looking just
down the one path.
All right, we know that.
But, as you say, there's
activity that's happening
on the other side.
People are waking up, and
I would say in droves.
I learn a lot from --
I commute every week,
so I'm on an airplane
twice a week,
and in airports, and just...
Wow. ...kind of out in
public a lot that way.
So I sit next to people of
all different backgrounds
and I'm shocked at how many
people are at least beginning
to say, "I don't
know about that."
To me, that is the beginning
of what is essentially a
taking back our consciousness
as a species.
It's just that first doubt
and almost everybody,
if not fully aware, are
starting to ask questions now.
So I mean that's hopeful.
So, getting back to action.
Let's talk about Vermont.
Yeah, exactly.
So Vermont House just
passed a bill to label GMOs.
And that's an excellent victory.
It's going to go
to the Senate now.
Everyone needs to call
their senators even
if you're not in Vermont.
Yeah. Just blast ...
Say yeah, go.
...them with phone calls.
Go for it.
Hmm-mm. So I do think we're
definitely seeing victories.
And the March Against Monsanto,
which is an open source
grassroots movement to go ahead
and protest everywhere
against Monsanto.
Here in Austin...
Hmm-mm. ...there's actually
going to be about 10,000 people
out at the Capital with
bullhorns and everything.
There'll be speakers.
Well, this is a very
active community.
Yeah. I like Austin.
Yeah. I like the spirit here.
People are alive and
awake and engaged.
Yeah, they are.
Yeah. We're seeing it more
and more everywhere, too.
I mean I do a lot of travelling.
I've travelled the country.
In fact to, you know,
visit multiple areas.
But every single place I went,
there was massive support
for what was going on.
Hmm-mm. Just complete
massive support.
So I think, ultimately,
people are understanding
what's going on.
Very good.
Okay. So let's talk about now
some of the physical effects
of it because we have to
engage with these GMOs
on a different level as well,
and that's the physical level.
Now, I mean, we probably
should have talked
about it in the beginning.
We've talked about
the big agenda.
Let's talk about
physically what's happening
because you cannot
make a good decision
if your mind is not
working clearly.
Sure. Let's talk about
how GMOs would --
through the chain of events --
physiologically affect our --
not only our attention spans,
our energy levels, and it --
but even our intelligence.
How's this going?
Sure. Well, I'm actually
glad we talked
about the big picture first...
Yes. ...because if there's
anything people need
to understand, it's that.
Yes... And some people...
...indeed.
...might have said like, "Oh,
I already know the
effects of GMOs.
I don't care."
But it's important that
they understand also...
Where it's leading.
...how to effectively -- yeah,
where it's leading, but also how
to effectively talk
to somebody abut GMOs.
Because what we know
GMOs are doing --
based on peer review
research that we can use
against them because, you know,
so many people say, "Well,
it's unscientific
to be against GMOs."
Well, like I mentioned
earlier, you can go on Pubnet --
and here's the kicker.
28 -- I believe there's 34 now.
It was 28 some months ago
when I read the article
but I believe it's 34 now.
Peer reviewed pieces
of research available
on the National Library
of Medicine...
Hmm-mm. ...show that Roundup --
you know, Roundup Ready Crops
that are producing
Roundup in your gut
when you consume them -- Roundup
has been linked to lymphoma,
DNA damage, cancer,
and the list goes on.
You can scroll down.
You can keep -- I
did it in the video.
I scrolled down for
like 30 seconds.
That's how many different
associated diseases there are
with Roundup and GMOs.
The only lifelong study
-- what did it find?
Massive tumors to the point
where the rats couldn't
even move anymore.
The only lifelong study.
And Monsanto had a 30-day study
that was funded, of course,
by Monsanto, and we look at the
only studies that are funded
by Monsanto versus the studies
aren't funded by Monsanto
and we see a world
of difference.
The two Roundup studies
that are funded
by Monsanto basically
say, "Everything's perfect
and everything's dreamy."
And then the studies that
are independent say, "Hey,
wait a minute, you know.
This is completely wrong what
the other studies are saying.
This is causing serious
damage, to the point
where it's giving rats cancer."
And even, you know, in
many cases, they're looking
at what it could do to humans
and the applications
and saying...
Right. ..."This has no
place in the food supply."
There's one leading scientist
who said that, "If any scientist
in the world tells you
that GMOs are safe,
they're either lying or stupid."
And that's the fact.
Or they're being paid to say it.
Of course.
They have -- whine, of course.
Of course, yeah, exactly.
And we deal with
these paid off trolls
and the comments
every single day.
Oh, that's what I wanted to get
into a bit is disinformation
on sites and how
it's distributed.
It's a very complex and
interesting subject.
Yeah, exactly.
So, we get hundreds
of emails and comments
and everything each day
from Facebook, messages,
and comments on Facebook.
It's a job.
And I handle it all
pretty much myself.
So it's a job.
Oh, wow. And...
I applaud you for that.
...we try to respond to all
the good emails that we get,
but a lot of times
like, for example,
one of the most interesting
emails I ever received --
I actually went on a
few shows about this.
A biotech scientist -- and I
confirmed it with Mike Adams.
It was indeed a biotech
scientist.
Hmm-mm. I can't give the name...
Hmm-mm. ...because the
lawyers say they will sue us,
and we cannot, you know,
pay off the costs for that.
But they guy says
that it's awesome
that GMOs are causing
infertility
and killing people because, he
says, the population is too big.
This is a guy -- this is
a senior scientist at one
of the biotech companies.
And he's working on not
only GMOs but other things
in the biotech field, and
he's saying that it's amazing.
Awesome. He says it's
awesome -- in all upper case.
That GMOs are killing people
because there's too many people
in the world and they use up
too much -- too many resources.
And he says that
he justifies it.
Like I was saying earlier,
anyone can justify anything.
He says, "It's good because if
there weren't GMO crops killing
people then everyone would have
used up their resources by now."
So they justify it.
That pretty much says it all.
Sociopathic.
They're sociopathic.
This is against life itself
these -- and is I think --
you've even used the
word traitors to life...
Traitors to humanity.
...and humanity.
That's why he emailed me.
I called him...
Yes. ...a biotech scientist
-- traitors to humanity.
Hmm-mm. And it just goes to
show though, there's no debate.
They know what it's doing.
There's no debate.
They justify it to themselves.
I think that was --
that's a really beautifully
said statement.
That that man -- I mean, even
though you can't identify --
it doesn't matter who he is.
The fact that anyone in
that field would have said
that should drive it home.
And also, when you're talking
about the debate itself,
the other study that you
brought up, the legitimate study
by the 900 scientists --
and that's a really good
beginning place for people to go
with this subject if
they're trying to talk
with other individuals
about it --
that the reality is it was built
for that one thing:
to feed the planet.
I mean it was designed --
it was ostensibly designed
to feed the planet.
That's the one thing
it's not doing.
And now they're creating
GM humans and...
Yes. ...looking at the
trait to help humanity.
Yes. You have to
understand it's a pattern.
Yes. Like the mole, we
have to stop it now.
They're lying.
They don't care.
No. They don't care
about you or your health.
Right. And it needs to stop
today or we're really going
to regret it in the
next few years.
Well, meanwhile, the only power
the consumer has is whether
or not to buy genetically
modified food.
So... And to march
on capitals and...
And to march on capital.
...to spread the word...
Yeah. ...and get awareness
out and we're doing
that in massive [inaudible].
But let's talk about
the labeling laws, okay?
I mean, we just talked
about Vermont a moment ago.
Whole Foods says they will
voluntarily label GMOs.
In 2018. In 2018.
So let's look at
that for a moment.
Why the big delay
in your opinion?
Well, they claim that it's,
you know, manufacturing issues
and having manufactured products
myself -- with Dr. Group and,
you know, creating our -- our
turmeric and everything else --
it's really not as
challenging as they say.
I mean, labels are dirt-cheap.
Hmm-mm. I mean, it's
a couple cents a label
for a really good
label when you order...
It doesn't take five
years to switch over.
It does not take five years.
And they talk about
source materials as if it's
such a challenge to, you know,
change their source materials.
I understand there's
larger manufacturers.
Who cares if it's a challenge?
I made an article --
talked about how even Now Foods
has GMOs in their supplements.
They fund anti-GMO
groups, yet they have GMOs
in their products, and
they say, "Oh, it's so hard
to find sources that aren't GMO.
It's so expensive."
Who cares?
Then make more expensive
products.
You can't go ahead and
justify everything you do.
There's too much justification
for all this wrongdoing.
And these major supplement
companies who claim to be
on our side need to be
exposed over and over again
like Now Foods and others,
and in their email response
to me they said, "Yeah, we
use GMOs but we try not to."
They try not to isn't good
enough if they're using them.
It's not good enough.
It needs to be a
hundred percent GMO.
The products that I help
create or put on the site --
they have to be a hundred
percent GMO-free and one
of the best ways to do that
is to get kosher testing
and everything like that and
look at all that information.
Hmm-mm. And they have
to contain a fluoride --
the water has to be purified to
remove all forms of fluoride,
all forms of contaminants.
For example, you go out and you
get some soup from Whole Foods
and it's organic, and it
says, "Filtered water."
Filtered water means nothing.
We're going to do some tests
and reveal it in a video,
but some of the most famous
organic brands are filled
with fluoride, more so
than the tap water...
Yeah. ...in major cities.
I talked to Mike
Adams about that.
Yes. Because guess what they do?
They used filtered water and the
FDA is a completely worthless
organization so filtered
means nothing.
Filtered could mean that you
go in and you take the salt
out of it and nothing else.
Filtered could mean
that you go in
and you take the
good minerals out
and you leave the fluoride in,
and there's no real testing
for the massive amounts because
they say fluoride is safe.
Or even the metals that
are in the supplements.
There's no real testing
for that.
So we have to go above and
beyond and spend the money,
and we do it and we
don't boast about it
that much because guess what?
You know it's worth it.
The reason we talk about it
is to encourage others to seek
for it and to do it in
their own manufacturing.
But, for example, we're
doing a new product.
We just had a metals test on all
of the entire ingredients
for the product.
It's expensive, and we had to
go ahead import only the ones
that are completely
free of all metals.
But guess what?
It's worth it in the end
because sooner or later --
in a few years, or
now, or whatever --
they're going to realize
if their products are garbage
all it takes is one scan.
Hmm-mm. It takes
one test to find ...
Right. ...it's full of
cadmium and aluminum.
And then guess what?
That product is no longer
going to be on the market
because people are
going to expose it.
And this is a value
thing, as well.
I mean, people have been
accustomed to being able
to go to, you know, the big box
stores and buy cheap everything.
And supposedly even cheap
quality vitamins, and minerals,
and other kinds of supplements.
So this is really -- we have
to embrace a new set of values
when it comes to how we're
going to feed our bodies
and our supplementation.
Because it's really --
the technology is there now
to essentially reveal
what is in all this stuff.
So when the public at
large can go about this --
and I know that that is under
way in revealing the toxicity
of a lot of what are considered
to be very healthy
nutrients out there.
I'm very excited to see
what that list looks like.
So in the interim what we have
to do is take responsibility
as individuals to have the
cleanest possible stuff we can
put in our bodies.
And it does cost more.
It does, it does, to
a pretty large extent.
Yeah. There's a cool new app
that you can use to identify
if your products are
owned by parent companies
like Coca Cola and Pepsi...
Oh, what's the app?
It's -- I believe it's --
you can look it up online.
Okay. Just look it
up online, you know,
app for parent companies,
Coca Cola...
Okay. ...or whatever.
But it just got released
like two days ago
so I'm not sure of
the name exactly.
We're covering it right now.
Okay, we'll find it.
But there's a cool app for that,
and then also you can go
ahead and look online.
There's so many charts that
show the parent companies
that own these things.
If you buy from your local
farmers market that's all
organic, though, obviously
you're not supporting Coca Cola
[multiple speakers].
Yeah, and that's what I was just
going to say is we can do that.
And now, you know, sometimes
organic farmers are --
they have to use city
water supplies to be able
to water their land
which has some fluoride
and some other constituents
in it.
And so we're getting down
to levels of consciousness.
You have to start
where you can start.
Going through local farmers
market, that matters.
Exactly. We can definitely
talk about that during
like the detox segment
or anything like that.
Hmm-mm, yeah.
There's so many simple things
you could do to eliminate 95%...
Right. ...of all the
environmental toxins
and food-based toxins that
you're getting on a daily basis.
You'll feel so much better.
Yes. You can't eliminate 100%.
Anyone that says they're
a hundred percent clean
and everything is lying.
Yeah. It's almost impossible.
I mean, just from the air we
breathe in Chemtrails alone.
We only have a few minutes
left so give us an idea
of what else we can do as
best as possible besides going
to organic farmers at our
local farmers markets.
What are some other
things we can do?
Well, baseline, you want
to buy everything that is
at least certified organic.
I mean, baseline, USDA organic.
When you're buying
things that say "natural,"
it means it has GMOs in it.
There's lawsuits
over that right now.
When I see people in
the supermarket who go
up to something like
Kashi and they buy it
because they think
there's no GMOs in it
for some reason, you know.
Hmm-mm. I mean, there's no
indication that there's not.
But it says a hundred
percent natural, you know,
green environmental --
so many people get fooled
by the labeling, even
hardened activists.
They think, for some reason,
that just because it appears
to be GMO-free, it is.
But it's not.
Even if says GMO-free, it has
to be non-GMO project verified.
Hmm-mm. So get a hundred
percent USDA organic,
if possible, or get local food.
But definitely, at least
increase the baseline level
to the point where it is organic
and you will eliminate
pretty much all GMOs.
Does USDA organic label
still mean something?
It does. There's people
who say it doesn't.
I mean, it doesn't in some
circumstances, but trust me,
you're eating better than
99.999% of the population
when you buy USDA organic.
You have to be a little
picky for sure of what kind
of brands you're
getting with that seal
because it could mean
different things depending
on how much they care
about your health...
Hmm-mm. ...which is why it comes
down to different corporations
and organizations when
you purchase things.
But it does mean
something, for sure.
Hmm-mm. I mean, there's products
that are high-quality
organic like, for example,
we don't have the
USDA organic label
because we choose ingredients
that are better than organic...
Right. ...like wild
crafting and stuff like that.
But, yes, it does
mean something.
So I would stick to
that as a baseline.
It eliminates pretty much
everything, from aspartame to,
you know, other problematic
ingredients, as well.
Hmm-mm. So, I mean, it's
not GMOs you're getting out.
You're getting out high
fructose corn syrup
which the  Washington Post
admits contains mercury.
You're getting out
troves of garbage
that you don't want
in your body.
So that's baseline.
Exactly. And again, you have
to be willing to put more
of your disposable
income towards your food
because organics
are more expensive.
But, again, there's
nothing stopping people
from having their
own backyard gardens.
I know. I mean, another
part of this psychology is
to what degree do we want
to participate in the care
and feeding of our own bodies...
Yeah. ...and those
of our families.
So, we're going to have
another conversation
about how we can get
the stuff that's gotten
in out of our bodies.
So, I want to thank
you for this one
and for all the research
you've done.
Yeah. Thanks for having me on.
[ Music ]
[ Silence ]